At Acts 1 verse 8, Jesus foretold that the good news would be preached to the most distant
part of the earth.
In recent years, digital technology has greatly enhanced our global preaching work as well
as our Christian meetings.
More videos and digital publications are being produced by Jehovah's Witnesses than ever
before.
However, in some parts of the earth, our brothers and sisters have great difficulty accessing
this spiritual food.
If it is the monthly JW broadcast file, it will not download during the day.
Basically, the speed is the main challenge.
Internet connectivity is better at night.
It will be easier to download the material if our stay-up late.
Internet data bundles are very expensive.
Sometimes we may buy them at 1 or 2,000 MW.
This is a lot of money.
Sometimes we weren't able to download the required publications because our priority
was to provide food for the family.
It was difficult to have meaningful family worship because we didn't have videos to use.
In other words, we can say that we couldn't increase our intake of spiritual food.
The difficulty in the town of Lissala, where we live, is that the network is very bad.
There are many artiges.
To get the publications and videos, I talked to a brother who was traveling to Kinshasa.
I gave him my tablet.
Now, imagine three weeks with no study publications and no videos.
I felt like I was working in vain.
To address these challenges, the governing body has lovingly provided a sample yet a
effective solution.
So this is it, JW Box.
It's innovative, affordable, and it can be set up in less than a minute.
You've connected to a USB device which is preloaded with our videos and publications.
And then you plug this into an external power source like a battery.
And then the brothers, they can use their personal devices to connect to it over Wi-Fi.
And because it's a local connection, it's fast.
The branch office preloads JW Boxes with approved content already publicly available on
JWU.org and JWU Library and then distributes them to the local congregations.
They're also used at assemblies and conventions.
At one convention, publishers downloaded a newly released New World Translation in their
language right at the convention site.
To keep the digital content up to date, the branch downloads new videos and digital publications
onto USB keys.
Local congregations receive these keys along with their literature shipment.
The materials we use for family worship have strengthened our family bond.
They make it easier for us to help our girls.
It makes it easier for them to give comments after watching the videos for the meetings.
Only watch the videos and say, Daddy, I want to make a contribution at the Kingdom Home.
That lets me know that the video touched her heart.
The videos have helped us a lot.
For example, at first it was very difficult for our child to learn songs from our songbook,
but because of the videos, it's easy for her.
Now our relationship with Jehovah is stronger, including with our family and our children.
I used my phone in the film industry and at the meetings.
And I used it to show videos to my friends at school.
I started studying with them because of these videos.
So the videos that I showed them helped me to reach their hearts.
In my film service reports, I would leave the video section empty, but now it's no longer
empty.
I report many videos.
The people I started the Bible with are very interested in them and I now have several
studies because they like to watch these videos.
J.W. Box has been a great help to our family.
Because of the publications and videos we can download now.
Our children are learning from the lessons shown in the Caleb and Sophia videos.
We appreciate this provision so much because it helps to get spiritual food into the
hands and the hearts of our brothers.